```exp``` contains all of the experiment scripts, and it contains the following 6 folders:

### ```0.MLIRod```

To run the evaluation experiment of MLIRod, you can use the following command:

```
python mlirfuzz.py \
--existing_seed_dir ${seed_dir} \
--replace_data_edge ${build}/bin/ReplaceDataEdge \
--replace_control_edge ${build}/bin/ReplaceControlEdge \
--delete_node ${build}/bin/DeleteNode \
--create_node ${build}/bin/CreateNode \
--mlir_opt ${path_of_mlir-opt_you_want_to_test} \
--optfile opt.txt \
--collector ${build}/bin/CollectCoverage \
--clean True > log.txt
```

The ```${seed_dir}``` denotes the path of the existing seed directory.

The ```${build}``` denotes the build path of MLIRod.

You can use ```--help``` to obtain more information about the settings.

Note that you may generate seed pool by yourself, using the following script:

```
#!/bin/bash

successful_runs=0
target_successful_runs=${program_number}

while [ $successful_runs -lt $target_successful_runs ]; do
    ${your_mlirsmith_path}

    if [ $? -eq 0 ]; then
        echo "success!"
        ((successful_runs++))
        cp a.mlir seeds/${successful_runs}.mlir
    else
        echo "failed"
    fi
done

echo "successfully invoke $target_successful_runs times"
```

```${program_number}``` in the above script denotes the number of program to be generated, 
and ```${your_mlirsmith_path}``` is the binary of MLIRSmith.



### ```1.MLIRSmith```

```1.MLIRSmith``` contains the evaluation script for MLIRSmith, you can use the following command to run the evaluation experiment of MLIRSmith:

```
mkdir testcase
timeout 86400 python mlirsmith.py \
--mlirsmith ${build}/bin/mlirsmith \
--testcase_base testcase \
--mliropt ${build}/bin/mlir-opt \
--optfile opt.txt \
--optnum 10 \
--out_base report > log
```

```${build}``` have the same meaning as above.


### ```2.mutation variants```

```2.mutation variants``` contains four folders, each of which contains a variant that removes one of the mutation rules in MLIRod shown as their folder name. Run them with the same command as MLIRod!


### ```3.coverage variants```

```3.coverage variants``` contains two folders, each of which contains the corresponding variant script (i.e. variant that replaces OD coverage to edge coverage, and variant that removes OD coverage).

+ ```MLIRod-random```: contains the variant that removes the OD coverage guidance of MLIRod. You can run it with the same command as MLIRod.

+ ```MLIRod-edgecov```: contains the variant that replaces the OD coverage guidence with edge coverage, please replace the setting ```--collector``` to **showmap tool of AFL++**  to run this script.

### ```4.no-pass```

```4.no-pass``` contains the variant that removes the *pass-based dialect and operation enrichment* from MLIRod. Run this script with the same command as MLIRod.

### ```5.NNSmith```

```5.NNSmith``` contains the experiment scripts of NNSmith baseline. Run this script with the following command:
```
python mlirsmith.py \
--onnx_mlir ${onnx-mlir-path} \
--testcase_base testcase \
--mliropt ${mlir-project}/build/bin/mlir-opt \
--optfile opt.txt \
--optnum 10 \
--gcov_project ${mlir-project} \
--out_base report > log
```

The ```${onnx-mlir-path}``` denotes the path of onnx-mlir binary.

The ```${mlir-project}``` denotes the instrumented mlir project.

#### Comparison between NNSmith and MLIRod

For the comparison between NNSmith and MLIRod, we utilized NNSmith to generate the ONNX model and then employed onnx-mlir to transform the ONNX model to MLIR. 
During a 24-hour fuzzing period, MLIRod detected 31 bugs, while NNSmith detected 10 bugs. 
Notably, 28 out of the 31 bugs detected by MLIRod were undetected by NNSmith, further highlighting the effectiveness of MLIRod.
Regarding the 7 bugs that were only detected by NNSmith, MLIRod can potentially enhance its effectiveness by adopting seeds generated by NNSmith.
Moreover, we compared the line coverage of NNSmith and MLIRod.
Over 24 hours of fuzzing, MLIRod covered 116,641 lines, while NNSmith covered 113,030 lines. 
Notably, 17,227 lines covered by MLIRod were not covered by NNSmith, which may contribute to the better performance of MLIRod.